Note added for rails command in rails guide doc [ci skip] (#54461)
rails/rails: guides/source/getting_started.md

### Creating Your First Rails App

> Note: In this guide, while specifying commands we use `rails` or `bin/rails`.
> Both commands are correct. `rails` will always delegate to `bin/rails`. But
> we should use commands from the `bin/` folder when running them within an application.
> 

Reviewer: When running `rails` outside a Rails application it won't delegate to `bin/rails`.
So if we keep the comment here, it should be something like:
```suggestion
Note: When generating a new Rails application we use `rails`.
But we should run commands  with `bin/rails` when running them within an application.

```

I think this should be moved to the first occurrence of `bin/rails`  though.

### Creating Your First Rails App

> Note: In this guide, while specifying commands we use `rails` or `bin/rails`. 

Reviewer 2: Instead of the note, it would be good to just fix all wrong occurrences if you see any.

### Creating Your First Rails App

> Note: When generating a new Rails application we use `rails`.
> But we should run commands  with `bin/rails` when running them within an application.

Reviewer: I've expanded the explanation a little, to hopefully make it a bit clearer.
Also, using uppercase `NOTE` makes sure the note gets [higlighted ](https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/ruby_on_rails_guides_guidelines.html#notes-tips-and-warnings):
```suggestion
NOTE: When generating a new Rails application we run the `rails` command, which
uses the latest installed version of Rails. When we run commands inside an
application directory, we should use `bin/rails`. This makes sure the application's
version of Rails is used.
```
